patrice colors is a marxist all right
y'all
i mean let's let's just talk about it
am i a marxist i'm a lot of things i do
believe in marxism it's a philosophy
that i learned really
early on in my organizing career this is
december 15
2020 and interestingly
part of the political context for this
announcement
comes as no surprise to those of us
who've been following the political
history of black lives matter closely
is that the economist magazine published
their estimate
that total donations to black lives
matter
causes exceeds
10 billion us dollars
that does not mean that this particular
activist
has 10 billion dollars at her disposal
it does not mean that any one
agency or organization received 10
billion
this is a category of agencies
associated with this cause however it is
fair to say
that she is someone with tremendous
power and influence
and basically a bottomless budget to
work with
i don't know if it's worth us talking
about communism
because it it just has such a bad rap
well because that it's failed every time
that's why it has a bad
it still has capitalism it's very
tempting to respond to this sort
of self-righteous ignorance by
immediately pointing to
the human casualties of communism by
pointing to
the proverbial millions of corpses
the huge piles of skulls
for example here in cambodia
i don't understand how it's possible in
the year 2020
for an influential highly educated
highly funded political leader like
patrice cullors
to be so insensitive
i just don't understand it and you know
it wasn't just cambodia's
tragedy it was the whole world's
tragedy like i understand her political
position
i grew up in a family where the majority
of people around me
were marxists and were even hardcore
communists
not just my parents but aunts and uncles
and people like that
i have grown up surrounded by people
with this mentality people who are
willing to commit to
making these excuses for mass murder but
couldn't you have
some sensitivity couldn't you have some
compassion
couldn't you have some human dignity
when dealing with this issue if that is
your political position but to take
a step beyond these mind-boggling
numbers let's just talk about the kind
of
mediocre middle ground of communism for
a moment
right now in the year 2020
would you be more excited about going to
a university
in vietnam then you would be excited
about going to a university in japan
if i offered you a fully paid
scholarship to get a phd
in japan you'd have to live in japan for
let's say four years
or a scholarship to get a phd
in vietnam think for a minute
you know you you can do some google
searches if you were going to go spend
four years your life in vietnam under
communism
today under the unbelievably
mild diluted mixed economy form of
communism that is this
today i mean vietnam is now a hybrid of
communism and capital
still you would be choosing to move to a
very dangerous place
where you have no freedom of speech we
have none of the
civil rights or political rights you
take for granted in japan
or south korea how about how about cuba
would you be excited at the prospect of
going
to get a university degree in cuba even
now even today and how would you have
felt in say the 1950s
you know back when communism was really
murdering all these people back when
communism was in its much more
repressive
much more authoritarian phase how would
you have felt about devoting four years
of your life
to living in russia to living in
communist china
to living in a place where you had none
of the freedoms none of the civil rights
that you can take for granted
in the western world how how would you
feel
about the difference between living in
east germany or versus west germany
under communism or still today how would
you feel
about the difference between living in
north korea and living in south korea
and right now let's be honest in north
korea as bad as it is
there are no piles of skulls like this
no patrice there's a really meaningful
sense
in which communism has been a failure
and you can't just turn around and say
that capitalism equally has been a
failure that's just not true
we can't allow for fear
to dictate how we understand what's
possible
you want to know a funny fact everybody
called dr martin luther king a communist